#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.23.2
    # via
    #   odc-cloud
    #   s3fs
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   coastlines
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.4
    # via datacube
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antimeridian==0.4.3
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   dep-tools
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via geocube
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
awscli==1.41.8
    # via dea-intertidal
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via dep-tools
bokeh==3.7.3
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dask
boltons==25.0.0
    # via eodatasets3
boto3==1.39.8
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   datacube
    #   dep-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-cloud
    #   s3path
botocore==1.39.8
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   coastlines
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-cloud
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   s3transfer
bottleneck==1.5.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
branca==0.8.1
    # via
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-geo
cattrs==25.1.1
    # via eodatasets3
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   netcdf4
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
cftime==1.6.4.post1
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
ciso8601==2.3.2
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-stats
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   coastlines
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   distributed
    #   eodatasets3
    #   fiona
    #   geocube
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stats
    #   planetary-computer
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-glm
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
coastlines @ git+https://github.com/auspatious/coastlines.git
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   eo-tides
comm==0.2.3
    # via ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.10.1
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via azure-storage-blob
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   distributed
    #   eo-tides
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   piksel
    #   stackstac
dask-gateway==2025.4.0
    # via dep-tools
dask-glm==0.3.2
    # via dask-ml
dask-image==2024.5.3
    # via odc-algo
dask-ml==2025.1.0
    # via dea-tools
datacube[performance,s3]==1.9.6
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
    #   piksel
    #   wofs
datacube-compute @ https://github.com/auspatious/datacube-compute/releases/download/0.0.7/datacube_compute-0.0.7-cp312-cp312-linux_x86_64.whl
    # via -r requirements.in
dea-intertidal @ git+https://github.com/GeoscienceAustralia/dea-intertidal.git
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coastlines
dea-tools==0.4.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   retry
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via eodatasets3
dep-tools @ git+https://github.com/digitalearthpacific/dep-tools.git
    # via coastlines
deprecat==2.1.3
    # via datacube
distributed==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-stats
docutils==0.19
    # via awscli
eo-tides==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
eodatasets3==1.9.3
    # via
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   odc-stats
ephem==4.2
    # via wofs
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fiona==1.10.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-stats
    #   rasterstats
folium==0.20.0
    # via dea-tools
fonttools==4.59.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   odc-stats
    #   s3fs
gdal==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dep-tools
    #   odc-stats
geoalchemy2==0.18.0
    # via datacube
geocube==0.7.1
    # via dep-tools
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   geocube
geopy==2.4.1
    # via dea-tools
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h5py==3.14.0
    # via eodatasets3
hatch-vcs==0.5.0
    # via piksel
hatchling==1.27.0
    # via
    #   hatch-vcs
    #   piksel
hdstats==0.2.1
    # via dea-intertidal
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagecodecs==2025.3.30
    # via odc-geo
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   dea-tools
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipyleaflet==0.20.0
    # via odc-ui
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-ui-poll
    #   odc-ui
    #   piksel
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   odc-ui
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   branca
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   folium
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   dea-tools
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   pystac
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-leaflet==0.20.0
    # via ipyleaflet
jupyter-ui-poll==1.0.0
    # via odc-ui
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lark==1.2.2
    # via datacube
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
lmdb==1.7.3
    # via odc-dscache
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   dea-tools
    #   owslib
    #   pytmd
    #   timescale
lz4==4.4.4
    # via dask
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
mapclassify==2.10.0
    # via coastlines
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   odc-ui
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdutils==1.8.0
    # via dea-intertidal
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via distributed
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
narwhals==2.0.1
    # via bokeh
netcdf4==1.7.2
    # via pytmd
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   mapclassify
    #   scikit-image
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   dask-ml
    #   dea-tools
    #   sparse
numexpr==2.11.0
    # via odc-algo
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   antimeridian
    #   bokeh
    #   bottleneck
    #   cftime
    #   coastlines
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   datacube-compute
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   eodatasets3
    #   folium
    #   geocube
    #   geopandas
    #   h5py
    #   hdstats
    #   imagecodecs
    #   imageio
    #   mapclassify
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pyogrio
    #   pytmd
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   sparse
    #   stackstac
    #   tifffile
    #   timescale
    #   xarray
odc-algo==1.0.1
    # via
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
odc-cloud[async]==0.2.5
    # via odc-stats
odc-dscache==1.9.1
    # via odc-stats
odc-geo[tiff]==0.4.10
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   geocube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
odc-io==0.2.2
    # via
    #   dea-tools
    #   odc-stats
odc-loader==0.5.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-stac
odc-stac[botocore]==0.4.0
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   datacube
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   odc-stats
odc-stats==1.0.48
    # via -r requirements.in
odc-ui==0.2.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
owslib==0.34.1
    # via dea-tools
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   dea-tools
    #   distributed
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   geopandas
    #   hatchling
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   pims
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pyogrio
    #   pytest
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   xarray
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   coastlines
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   geopandas
    #   mapclassify
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
    #   seaborn
    #   stackstac
    #   sunriset
    #   xarray
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via hatchling
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
piksel @ git+https://github.com/piksel-ina/piksel-notebooks.git
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pims==0.7
    # via dask-image
planetary-computer==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   hatchling
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   eo-tides
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via piksel
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via odc-dscache
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via piksel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dask
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via rsa
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   planetary-computer
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   pytest
pyogrio==0.11.0
    # via
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   eo-tides
    #   geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rasterio
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geocube
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   pytmd
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
pystac[validation]==1.13.0
    # via
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   rio-stac
pystac-client==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   planetary-computer
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-dependency
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via dea-intertidal
pytest-dependency==0.6.0
    # via dea-intertidal
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   botocore
    #   datacube
    #   dea-tools
    #   matplotlib
    #   owslib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
    #   pytmd
    #   timescale
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via planetary-computer
python-geohash==0.8.5
    # via coastlines
pytmd @ git+https://github.com/pyTMD/pyTMD.git
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coastlines
    #   eo-tides
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   pandas
    #   planetary-computer
    #   sunriset
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   bokeh
    #   coastlines
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   owslib
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geocube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
    #   rasterstats
    #   rio-stac
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
rasterstats==0.20.0
    # via dea-tools
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   dea-tools
    #   folium
    #   owslib
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   urlpath
retry==0.9.2
    # via dep-tools
rio-stac==0.11.0
    # via dep-tools
rioxarray==0.19.0
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   geocube
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.7.2
    # via awscli
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3fs==2025.7.0
    # via dea-intertidal
s3path==0.6.4
    # via coastlines
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   odc-algo
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   mapclassify
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geocube
    #   hdstats
    #   mapclassify
    #   pytmd
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   timescale
    #   wofs
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
setuptools-scm==8.3.1
    # via
    #   hatch-vcs
    #   pytmd
    #   timescale
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   antimeridian
    #   coastlines
    #   datacube
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   rasterstats
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via rasterstats
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   python-dateutil
slicerator==1.1.0
    # via pims
smart-open==7.3.0.post1
    # via s3path
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
sparse==0.17.0
    # via dask-glm
sqlalchemy==2.0.42
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   datacube
    #   geoalchemy2
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
stackstac==0.5.1
    # via dep-tools
structlog==25.4.0
    # via eodatasets3
sunriset==1.0
    # via dea-intertidal
tblib==3.1.0
    # via distributed
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.6.11
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   odc-geo
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
timescale==0.0.9
    # via
    #   eo-tides
    #   pytmd
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   partd
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask-gateway
    #   distributed
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   odc-stats
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   dea-tools
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via ipyleaflet
trove-classifiers==2025.5.9.12
    # via hatchling
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   cattrs
    #   odc-stac
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   requests
urlpath==1.2.0
    # via dep-tools
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wofs==1.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecat
    #   smart-open
xarray==2025.7.1
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   datacube
    #   datacube-compute
    #   dea-intertidal
    #   dea-tools
    #   dep-tools
    #   eo-tides
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geocube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-stats
    #   odc-ui
    #   rioxarray
    #   stackstac
    #   wofs
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via odc-dscache

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==25.2
    # via piksel
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   coastlines
    #   pytest-dependency
    #   setuptools-scm
